[ASM] EXPANDR-1576 - Remediaiton guidance API changes (#30374)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/Integrations/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/README.md

Integration to pull assets and other ASM related information.
This integration was integrated and tested with version 1.2.0 of Cortex Attack Surface Management.

> ## Configure Cortex Attack Surface Management on Cortex XSOAR

Author: Yeah. It is. I will revert back this change and keep it as it was before.

#### Human Readable Output

> ### Status of Remediation Confirmation Scan

> |status|result|
> |---|---|
> | SUCCESS | REMEDIATED |

### asm-get-attack-surface-rule

***
Get information of an attack surface rule id.

#### Base Command

`asm-get-attack-surface-rule`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | attack_surface_rule_id | Attack surface rule ID. Has to be command separated. For example: RdpServer,InsecureOpenSSH. | Optional | 
> | enabled_status | Get the info about Rules ID(s) with enabled status on or off. Has to be command separated. For example: on,off. | Optional | 
> | priority | Get the info about Rules ID(s) with a priority. Has to be command separated. For example: high,medium. | Optional | 
> | category | Get the info about Rules ID(s) of a category. Has to be command separated. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| attack_surface_rule_id |  A comma-separated list of attack surface rule IDs. For example: RdpServer,InsecureOpenSSH. | Optional | 
| enabled_status | Get the info about rule IDs with enabled status on or off. Has to be comma separated. For example: on,off. | Optional | 
| priority | Get the info about rule IDs with a priority. Has to be comma separated. For example: high,medium. | Optional | 
| category | Get the info about rule IDs of a category. Has to be comma separated. | Optional | 
```
